I guess I've seen every place
there is to see on this planet,
except for the places
I'd have to swim to.
[Applause]
Bye-bye, my friends.
I'll see you tomorrow.
- Bye-bye!
- Chao! Chao!
I thought you two
might like a little snack.
- Thank you, Ella.
- Chao!
Chao!
We interrupt our regularly
scheduled program
to go live to our SSTV
correspondent, Scarlet Garcia.
The president's top aide
is going to make a statement
before taking questions
from the press corps.
The president has decided to
take action to stop Dr. Eggman.
[Camera shutters clicking]
[Gasps]
What?
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
MAN:
Has the administration developed
a concrete plan
to stop Dr. Eggman?
Yes.
DR. EGGMAN:
Oh, yeah?
I hope they've come up with
a disaster management plan
because they're
going to need it.
[Laughs evilly]
All right, where's that emerald?
[Airplane passing]
Amy, there's my house
down there.
Which one?
Do you see the one
with the red roof?
Yeah.
That's great, Francis.
You should come
for a visit sometime.
I will.
Thanks.
Hey, Chris!
Do you think we can fly
over our school?
Well, I... Maybe.
Guys, this isn't
a sight-seeing trip.
We've gotta hurry and track down
the next Chaos Emerald
or Eggman will get it
before we do.
I know, Tails.
Sorry.
TAILS:
It's all right.
Where did you get
those new high-tech goggles?
From your grandpa?
No, my teacher, Mr. Stewart,
gave them to me.
Like them?
Mm-hmm.
They look pretty cool.
Yeah, they're one
of the best gifts I ever got.
[Radio static]
FRANCIS:
Amy, look!
There's the school
Chris and I go to.
The power generators
for Eggman's base
are located under the tower,
Mr. President.
Oh.
This information came
to us from Rouge and Topaz.
Well, Rouge, I'm glad
my confidence in you
wasn't misplaced.
This spy stuff
is right up my alley.
We're all very grateful.
Now, let's review
our attack plan.
Right.
You're taking
all the credit, I see.
- I did do all the work.
- [Groans]
It'll be a two-pronged assault
from both sea and air.
Hmm.
Yes.
But what if Eggman's robots
counterattack?
These forces are a diversion.
Eggman will deploy his robots
against this frontal assault.
Meanwhile, a special
forces team will approach
from the opposite side and sneak
into the base from the rear.
Once they break
into the generator room,
they'll cut off
Eggman's power supply.
They'll be backed up by a team
from the intelligence agency
including Rouge
and some other agents.
Good.
How come she gets top billing?
You know how it works, Topaz.
There's a star in every show.
We're just bit players.
Now on to the subject of Sonic.
We're ready to capture him
and force him to work with us.
Well, now, you see...
I sent someone to try
a more diplomatic approach.
Who, sir?
[Doorbell rings]
Good day, sir.
[Gasps]
You're the president's aide!
Is Sonic at home?
Huh?
I don't know.
Who's he?
I'd like you to let Sonic know
that I didn't come here
to capture him.
I came at the request
of the president
to ask for his cooperation.
You should also tell Sonic
that if he does work
with us, he'll be rewarded.
The president gave his pledge
that Sonic and his friends
will be offered citizenship,
and they'll be paid
for their services.
That's all very nice, but I
don't think I know no Sonic.
We know you know Sonic.
Ella.
But how do you know my name?
We know all about you,
this house, and your visitors.
I already told you
I don't know nothing,
so why don't you put an egg
in your shoe and beat it?
I can cause lots of problemas
for you, lady.
Get Sonic!
Argh!
Rrr!
- Ugh!
- [Thud]
[Groans, growls]
What kind of security is this?!
You're supposed to jump
in front of me!
I smell like floor wax!
Ella, who was it?
Just because he's the
president's big-shot assistant,
he thinks he can threaten me.
Well, I just showed him
that he's all wet.
Yes, I see.
Thank you.
[Telephone clicks in cradle]
He couldn't even get
in the door to see him.
Who knew hedgehogs
were so headstrong?
It looks like we'll have to stop
Eggman ourselves, Mr. President.
I suppose we'll
have to count Sonic out.
ROUGE:
You don't need him in the game.
Huh?
Ha!
Not when you've got me
going to bat for you.
Ah!
You're right, Rouge!
[Thinking] I'm not going
to let anything stop me
from getting my hands
on a Chaos Emerald this time.
Hmm, I wonder where
they could be heading to now.
The Chaos Emerald's
picking up something.
That's great!
See the locator screen?
South-southeast.
Chaos Emeralds, here we come!
Hmm.
They turned again.
The scopes say there's
a Chaos Emerald in this field.
We beat Eggman to it.
Open up so we can start looking.
We can look from here.
- Hmm?
- Wait and see.
What's this?
Wow!
Wow, Tails, what did you do?
[Chuckles] I transformed it
into an all-purpose robot
called the X-Cyclone.
What do you guys say
we take it for a little stroll?
Now, let's find
that Chaos Emerald.
A Chaos Emerald, eh?
This is Chalkboard Charlie
calling Homeroom.
Come in, Homeroom.
Over.
Looks like there's
a Chaos Emerald under our feet.
Mm-hmm.
But we didn't bring a shovel.
That's okay, 'cause we got
the X-Cyclone to dig for us.
Isn't that right, Tails?
Hey, yeah.
You said it was
an all-purpose robot.
I didn't include
a digging function.
[All gasp]
It's not all-purpose,
then, is it?
Not exactly.
Guys, I bet the farmhouse we saw
has a shovel we could borrow.
Huh?
I'll go with you.
This may well be our only
opportunity, Mr. President.
If Eggman leaves to chase
after that Chaos Emerald,
we can attack the base
while he's gone,
which will improve
the odds for our success.
And we'll have Eggman
on the run.
Hmm.
Mr. President?
All right, then.
Let's get this job done.
[Siren wails]
I wonder what's up now.
[Radio tuning]
Now, folks, let's see
how a single application
of V-10 stain remover handles
this gooey grease stain.
Wow!
Look at that.
That's rad.
Let's call and order some.
[Groans]
I wish that stuff
got rid of infomercials, too.
Just think.
You'll save a fortune
with just one bottle of...
MAN: They found
a Chaos Emerald in a cornfield
near Tingaling Villa.
What kind of show is this?!
Grr!
WOMAN:
Yes, near Tingaling Villa.
A giant jet landed there,
and they're starting to dig
right now.
Call in the next 10 minutes
and receive a bonus bottle
at no extra cost.
[Growls]
Bring the cards.
Here you are, Doctor.
Now, then.
Hmm.
I'm not sure.
Hee hee!
Ah!
Funfun!
Perfect.
There he goes.
Get ready to mobilize.
MAN:
Squadron A is away.
Squadron B, get set for your run
on the island.
They're attacking Eggman's base.
It must be deep.
Just keep digging.
- [Rumbling]
- What's that?
Sounds like a jet.
[All gasp]
Who's that?
Oh, no, it's Dr. Eggman!
Do something!
DR. EGGMAN: Have you found
my Chaos Emerald yet?
- We're not gonna give it you.
- That's right!
Very well.
I'll just take it, then.
Hey, I'd better find
a phone and call Sonic.
Tell him to hurry.
Come on, Francis.
Oh. Oh.
Go!
Get them, Funfun!
Stop him, X-Cyclone.
Let's go!
Aah!
Amy!
Whoa!
You're blowing those brats away.
[Laughs]
Good work!
Uh-oh!
Aah!
[Both panting]
[Laughs evilly]
This is the most fun fun
I've had in a long time.
[Grunting]
The control stick is jammed up.
That cornfield must be
around here somewhere.
Huh?
Huh? Huh.
Huh? Uh.
[Groans]
They're heading the other way.
All right.
What's happening?
It's an attack, you bolt-brain!
Those fighter planes
are firing at us
And there are battleships, too.
We will show them!
Let us launch a counterattack.
They're putting up
quite a fight.
Now let's knock out the power.
[Clears throat]
My fellow civilians...
I mean, my fellow citizens.
Today our millinery...
No, our military sources...
We go live in 15 seconds,
Mr. President.
[Clears throat]
We interrupt our regular
broadcast to bring you
this live emergency address
from the president.
My fellow citizens,
today our military forces
launched an all-out assault
against the headquarters
of Dr. Eggman.
Despite warnings, Dr. Eggman
has continued to threaten
the peace and well-being
of our nation.
We have to tell Sonic
about this.
Chao!
PRESIDENT:
This conflict is unfortunate,
but we cannot allow
Dr. Eggman to achieve
his goal of world domination.
We must stop him now
before it is too late.
Hey, Tails, let's go...
[Gasps]
How could he leave
without you, Sonic?
Hi, there, Sonic.
Tails went flying with Amy and
Chris and his friend Francis.
I'm not sure where.
They left awhile ago,
so I don't think they'll
be gone too much longer.
[Groans]
Lousy time for a joyride!
These are the goggles
I gave Chris.
I hope he's okay.
Ugh! The wind's
got us pinned down.
[Moaning]
[Grunting]
Amy!
Don't worry!
I'm almost there.
I won't let you win, Eggman.
[Laughs]
That measly machine of yours
is no match for my robot.
Oh, yeah?
[Laughs]
Let's compete to see
whose robot rules.
Knocking the wind out of your
puny X-Cyclone will be a breeze.
[Laughs evilly]
It seems Tails
is in way over his head.
[Grunting]
Aah!
Huh?
I can't see!
It's like a tornado.
[Deep voice] Is this
the Thorndyke residence?
CHUCK:
Yes, that's right. Sorry.
What did you say?
Speak up.
They're at Tingaling Villa?
Thanks a lot.
I'll send someone
after them right away.
Who was that, Grandpa?
He wouldn't say who he was.
Chris needs your help
at Tingaling Villa.
Right.
ANNOUNCER:
Can Sonic get to his friends
fast enough to save them?
Find out next time.